README.md, before:

<center>HackerRank With JavaScript</center >

# Intro 
**Story About TingTing**
> TingTing is the king of coding.  
He can solve every problem within a minute.  
Because he practies 40 hours a days.  
~~Absolutely not bullshit~~

**JUST PRACTIES**  
# Contents  
**Warmup Problems**  
|             Title             |         Code          |    Desc    |
| :---------------------------: | :-------------------: | :--------: |
|   [Simple Array Sum][2web]    | [Source Code][2code]  | 2021/03/24 |
|    [A Very Big Sum][3web]     | [Source Code][2code]  | 2021/03/24 |
|  [Diagonal Difference][4web]  | [Source Code][4code]  | 2021/03/24 |
|      [Plus Minus][5web]       | [Source Code][5code]  | 2021/03/24 |
|      [Stair Case][6web]       | [Source Code][6code]  | 2021/03/25 |
|     [Mini Max Sum][7web]      | [Source Code][7code]  | 2021/03/25 |
| [Birthday Cake Candles][8web] | [Source Code][8code]  | 2021/03/25 |
| [Compare The Triplets][9web]  | [Source Code][9code]  | 2021/03/25 |
|   [Time Conversion][12web]    | [Source Code][12code] | 2021/03/29 |


---
**Easy Problems**  
|             Title              |         Code          |         Desc         |
| :----------------------------: | :-------------------: | :------------------: |
|     [Socks Merchant][1web]     | [Source Code][1code]  |      2021/03/23      |
|   [Counting Valleys][10web]    | [Source Code][10code] |      2021/03/23      |
|    [Electronic Shop][11web]    | [Source Code][11code] |      2021/03/26      |
|   [Grading Students][13web]    | [Source Code][13code] |      2021/03/30      |
|    [Cat and a Mouse][14web]    | [Source Code][14code] | 2021/03/30 (easy af) |
|    [The Hurdle Race][16web]    | [Source Code][16code] |      2021/04/02      |
|  [Designer PDF Viewer][17web]  | [Source Code][17code] |      2021/04/03      |
|   [Apple And Orange][18web]    | [Source Code][18code] |      2021/04/06      |
|   [Breaking Records][19web]    | [Source Code][19code] |      2021/04/06      |
|  [Divisible Sum Pairs][20web]  | [Source Code][20code] |      2020/04/07      |
|    [Migratory Birds][21web]    | [Source Code][21code] |      2021/04/08      |
| [Jumping On The Clouds][22web] | [Source Code][22code] |      2020/04/09      |
|    [Repeated String][23web]    | [Source Code][23code] |      2021/04/12      |

---
**Medium Problems**  
|               Title               |         Code          |          Desc           |
| :-------------------------------: | :-------------------: | :---------------------: |
| [Climbing the Leaderboard][15web] | [Source Code][15code] | 2021/03/31~  2021/04/01 |


<!-- URL Below -->
[1web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sock-merchant/problem
[1code]:./src/easy/socksMerchant.js

[2web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/simple-array-sum/problem
[2code]:./src/warmup/simpleArraySum.js

[3web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/a-very-big-sum/problem

[4web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/diagonal-difference/problem
[4code]:./src/warmup/diagonalDifference.js

[5web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/plus-minus/problem
[5code]:./src/warmup/plusMinus.js

[6web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/staircase/problem
[6code]:./src/warmup/stairCase.js

[7web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/mini-max-sum/problem
[7code]:./src/warmup/miniMaxSum.js

[8web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/birthday-cake-candles/problem
[8code]:./src/warmup/birthdayCakeCandles.js

[9web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/compare-the-triplets/problem
[9code]:./src/warmup/compareTheTriplets.js

[10web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/counting-valleys/problem
[10code]:./src/easy/countingValleys.js

[11web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/electronics-shop/problem
[11code]:./src/easy/electronicsShop.js

[12web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/time-conversion/problem
[12code]:./src/warmup/timeConversion.js

[13web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/grading/problem
[13code]:./src/easy/gradingStudents.js

[14web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/cats-and-a-mouse/problem
[14code]:./src/easy/catAndMouse.js

[15web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/climbing-the-leaderboard/problem
[15code]:./src/medium/climbingTheLeaderboard.js

[16web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/the-hurdle-race/problem
[16code]:./src/easy/hurdleRace.js

[17web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/designer-pdf-viewer/problem
[17code]:./src/easy/designerPdfViewer.js

[18web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/apple-and-orange/problem
[18code]:./src/easy/appleAndOrange.js

[19web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/breaking-best-and-worst-records/problem
[19code]:./src/easy/breakingRecords.js

[20web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/divisible-sum-pairs/problem
[20code]:./src/easy/divisibleSumPairs.js


[21web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/migratory-birds/problem
[21code]:./src/easy/migratoryBirds.js

[22web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/jumping-on-the-clouds/problem
[22code]:./src/easy/jumpingOnTheClouds.js

[23web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/repeated-string/problem
[23code]:./src/easy/repeatedString.js

Commit message:

docs: add EXAM |  update README

README.md, after:

### HackerRank With JavaScript

# Intro 
**Story About TingTing**
> TingTing is the king of coding.  
He can solve every problem within a minute.  
Because he practies 40 hours a days.  
~~Absolutely not bullshit~~

**JUST PRACTIES** 

Notice: if you're looking for exam source codes =>  [Click Me](EXAM.md)
# Table Of Contents  
**Warmup Problems**  
|             Title             |         Code          |    Desc    |
| :---------------------------: | :-------------------: | :--------: |
|   [Simple Array Sum][2web]    | [Source Code][2code]  | 2021/03/24 |
|    [A Very Big Sum][3web]     | [Source Code][2code]  | 2021/03/24 |
|  [Diagonal Difference][4web]  | [Source Code][4code]  | 2021/03/24 |
|      [Plus Minus][5web]       | [Source Code][5code]  | 2021/03/24 |
|      [Stair Case][6web]       | [Source Code][6code]  | 2021/03/25 |
|     [Mini Max Sum][7web]      | [Source Code][7code]  | 2021/03/25 |
| [Birthday Cake Candles][8web] | [Source Code][8code]  | 2021/03/25 |
| [Compare The Triplets][9web]  | [Source Code][9code]  | 2021/03/25 |
|   [Time Conversion][12web]    | [Source Code][12code] | 2021/03/29 |


---
**Easy Problems**  
|             Title              |         Code          |         Desc         |
| :----------------------------: | :-------------------: | :------------------: |
|     [Socks Merchant][1web]     | [Source Code][1code]  |      2021/03/23      |
|   [Counting Valleys][10web]    | [Source Code][10code] |      2021/03/23      |
|    [Electronic Shop][11web]    | [Source Code][11code] |      2021/03/26      |
|   [Grading Students][13web]    | [Source Code][13code] |      2021/03/30      |
|    [Cat and a Mouse][14web]    | [Source Code][14code] | 2021/03/30 (easy af) |
|    [The Hurdle Race][16web]    | [Source Code][16code] |      2021/04/02      |
|  [Designer PDF Viewer][17web]  | [Source Code][17code] |      2021/04/03      |
|   [Apple And Orange][18web]    | [Source Code][18code] |      2021/04/06      |
|   [Breaking Records][19web]    | [Source Code][19code] |      2021/04/06      |
|  [Divisible Sum Pairs][20web]  | [Source Code][20code] |      2020/04/07      |
|    [Migratory Birds][21web]    | [Source Code][21code] |      2021/04/08      |
| [Jumping On The Clouds][22web] | [Source Code][22code] |      2020/04/09      |
|    [Repeated String][23web]    | [Source Code][23code] |      2021/04/12      |

---
**Medium Problems**  
|               Title               |         Code          |          Desc           |
| :-------------------------------: | :-------------------: | :---------------------: |
| [Climbing the Leaderboard][15web] | [Source Code][15code] | 2021/03/31~  2021/04/01 |





<!-- URL Below -->
[1web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sock-merchant/problem
[1code]:./src/easy/socksMerchant.js

[2web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/simple-array-sum/problem
[2code]:./src/warmup/simpleArraySum.js

[3web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/a-very-big-sum/problem

[4web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/diagonal-difference/problem
[4code]:./src/warmup/diagonalDifference.js

[5web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/plus-minus/problem
[5code]:./src/warmup/plusMinus.js

[6web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/staircase/problem
[6code]:./src/warmup/stairCase.js

[7web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/mini-max-sum/problem
[7code]:./src/warmup/miniMaxSum.js

[8web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/birthday-cake-candles/problem
[8code]:./src/warmup/birthdayCakeCandles.js

[9web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/compare-the-triplets/problem
[9code]:./src/warmup/compareTheTriplets.js

[10web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/counting-valleys/problem
[10code]:./src/easy/countingValleys.js

[11web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/electronics-shop/problem
[11code]:./src/easy/electronicsShop.js

[12web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/time-conversion/problem
[12code]:./src/warmup/timeConversion.js

[13web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/grading/problem
[13code]:./src/easy/gradingStudents.js

[14web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/cats-and-a-mouse/problem
[14code]:./src/easy/catAndMouse.js

[15web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/climbing-the-leaderboard/problem
[15code]:./src/medium/climbingTheLeaderboard.js

[16web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/the-hurdle-race/problem
[16code]:./src/easy/hurdleRace.js

[17web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/designer-pdf-viewer/problem
[17code]:./src/easy/designerPdfViewer.js

[18web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/apple-and-orange/problem
[18code]:./src/easy/appleAndOrange.js

[19web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/breaking-best-and-worst-records/problem
[19code]:./src/easy/breakingRecords.js

[20web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/divisible-sum-pairs/problem
[20code]:./src/easy/divisibleSumPairs.js


[21web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/migratory-birds/problem
[21code]:./src/easy/migratoryBirds.js

[22web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/jumping-on-the-clouds/problem
[22code]:./src/easy/jumpingOnTheClouds.js

[23web]:https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/repeated-string/problem
[23code]:./src/easy/repeatedString.js
